The rapid expansion of internet information has made means of effective access to information become necessary, and the search engine is the one of them. Segmentation system, which is a very important part of the search engine, is primarily responsible for dividing the text into words, building index on the handled information and saving to the database. It is due to the index established on the text after segmentation, when users is using such as Baidu (www.baidu.com), Google (www.google.cn) and other search engines, they can type what they need to get the result and information quickly and easily. With no doubt that segmentation system helps us improve the speed of retrieving information and search the text needed information with more accurate and more convenient.

As mentioned above, segmentation system is the massive role of dividing the text (passage) into meaningful text units (item). Through the use of item as a key, passage as a value to create the reverse order index. When users type in keywords to search for information, firstly the segment system divide keyword into words, secondly find the matched key of the word in the index to get the relative information (passage) which is considered as the result of what the users need. Evidently, results of the segment system in search engine represent the massive internet information, so segmentation is a good or bad result directly affected the users searching the information they want.

Hickwall Analyzer discusses how to design a particular segment system for Chinese and how to implement a segmentation system based on XML document, easily extended and applied to the open source project Lucene to help the users search the information they need much faster and more accurate.

Hickwall statistics on the content to form a small dictionary with high-frequence words firstly. After doing this, hickwall would cut the content into pieces base on the high-frequence dictionary and the prepared dictionary. Finally, the word pieces would be adjusted by the unlisted word analyzer. But all of these are configurable, you can change the implementation of the function easily due to Spring Framework.

Anyway, hickwall still has a lot of shortage. It needs your help.